= Overview

Cuki provides an easy way to import acceptance criteria from a Confluence wiki into Cucumber feature files

* Supports a mapping between Confluence pages and feature files
* Extracts only the acceptance criteria section of a wiki page
* Converts Confluence tables to Cucumber tables
* Strips out unncessary Confluence formatting (h1., macros, etc.)
* Adds a @pending tag if the wiki page is marked as a draft
* Includes a link back to the original Confluence page
* Formats the feature using Cucumber's autoformatter (optional)
* Support client SSL certificates for use within an organisation's secure intranet

It can be used as part of a CI process or just for ad-hoc imports.

== Installation

Require the gem in your Gemfile:

    gem 'cuki'

== Setup

Cuki expects a configuration file in config/cuki.yml. See the sample provided.

== Usage
    
Run it from the command line:

    bundle exec cuki

or, if using Bundler binstubs:

    bin/cuki

== Options

* SKIP_AUTOFORMAT to avoid reformatting features (runs over the whole features directory)
* PEM=/path/to/something.pem.cer (for client certificates)
* CER=/path/to/something.pem (for client certificates)

== TODO

* Handle links

== Contributing to cuki
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Andy Waite. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

